Patriarch Taiji Soil
Up and down, take back Taiji Soil at all costs
understand
The owner has some more
The Night Is Not Over
He is also planting
Rumor has it that I'm afraid you're investigating something from 15 years ago
Do you want it?
If he surrenders the truth about Tai Chi
Otherwise kill me snake understand
Stop! Where are you going?
Mom, he's all alone
I want to go get him something to eat
Not allowed to go
You still think he didn't hurt us badly enough, do you?
Mom, if it wasn't extraordinary
Our company has no chance of coming back to life
Besides, nothing extraordinary
Our Shen family can't become the four major families
One of them?
That's what he owes us
If it weren't for your dad
He's already dead.
Forget about a contract
It's not enough for him to give us his life
You give me peace these two days
Don't you ever see that loser again
Tomorrow, the eldest son of the Ye family will be called to Zhongxia
I don't know how much effort it took
Just found out his whereabouts
You should cherish this opportunity
Can our Shen family go to the next level?
I'm counting on you.